So we get a working
login flow but it only makes sense if you also use the token. Now for this let's go to firebase and
there to the database part,
remember the rules which we just turned to true in the past?
I'll change this now, I'll set to the following,
read access is only granted if auth is not equal to null.
This auth variable here is a special variable provided by firebase which in the end contains the information
whether the user is authenticated or not
and if it's null, it means the user is not authenticated.
So if we check if that's not null,
we say we only give access if the user is authenticated.
So now if I publish this, only authenticated users can access our data and we can immediately see this.
If we go to find place and we or if we reload the app and we do login
but keep in mind we're not doing anything with the token yet,
you see that yellow warning here on the right,
now here we actually got an unhandled promised rejection.
If we go to our app and we have a look at places, we see that there in get places which is the action
that just was dispatched,
we actually do have a catch block but due to the way fetch works here, we actually only would have caught
problems with the sending of the request, here however we got a problem with the response, so we should
add catch at the end here to catch any errors and this will now lead to a different result.
So if we update get places in places like this and we now submit this, now we get this alert,
so this not only fixes this or improves this error handling,
it also shows that we indeed didn't successfully login here because in our rules, we disabled it, only
authenticated users are allowed and even though we successfully did authenticate, we don't prove that
to the backend, we need to send that token and we're not doing that yet.
So first of all, let me quickly improve all our methods like this to put the catch block to the end of
them,
so to make sure that we catch all possible errors that could occur here,
let's do the same also for deleting. And with that out of the way,
let's now think about how we can prove to the server that we are authenticated.
Now we'll do this in the next lecture.